README.md, before:

## Neonite V2

Fortnite lobby emulator with much customization options

#### Requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/current/) (We recommend the current version "^14") & Fortnite Installed.

## Usage
• Run `install.bat` to install all required modules. (ONLY REQUIRED ON FIRST RUN)

• Run `run.bat` to run the server.

#### • Panel will be running on port `5595` by default
#### • Launcher can be found in repo files or on the localhosted panel [Here](http://127.0.0.1:5595/launcher.zip)

### Used APIs
• [Fortnite-API](https://fortnite-api.com/) <img src="https://fortnite-api.com/assets/img/logo.png" width="30" title="Fortnite-API"> Made by [Officer](https://discordapp.com/users/373913699943186432)

• [NiteStats API](https://nitestats.com/) <img src="https://api.nitestats.com/v1/static/ns-logo.png" width="30" title="Fortnite-API"> Made by [VastBlast](https://discordapp.com/users/249459068341583872)

## Community Support
<a href="https://discord.gg/pUKacSd"><img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/703690937074974761/widget.png?style=banner2"></a>

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

We __do not__ provide any kind of support on this project.

Commit message:

Support
Support provided within the community discord server.

README.md, after:

## Neonite V2

Fortnite lobby emulator with much customization options

#### Requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/current/) (We recommend the current version "^14") & Fortnite Installed.

## Usage
• Run `install.bat` to install all required modules. (ONLY REQUIRED ON FIRST RUN)

• Run `run.bat` to run the server.

#### • Panel will be running on port `5595` by default
#### • Launcher can be found in repo files or on the localhosted panel [Here](http://127.0.0.1:5595/launcher.zip)

### Used APIs
• [Fortnite-API](https://fortnite-api.com/) <img src="https://fortnite-api.com/assets/img/logo.png" width="30" title="Fortnite-API"> Made by [Officer](https://discordapp.com/users/373913699943186432)

• [NiteStats API](https://nitestats.com/) <img src="https://api.nitestats.com/v1/static/ns-logo.png" width="30" title="Fortnite-API"> Made by [VastBlast](https://discordapp.com/users/249459068341583872)

## Community Support
<a href="https://discord.gg/pUKacSd"><img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/703690937074974761/widget.png?style=banner2"></a>

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

We provide support on this project within our official discord community server.
